<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE: It is auto-generated by `make update-man` -->

# rpt(1) - repeat text, numbered lines, random lines or bytes

## SYNOPSIS

Repeat static TEXT:

    rpt [<fmtOpts>] <count>[c|f][,[<perLineCount>[c|f]]] [<text>]

    <fmtOpts> control per-line formatting:

    -s <sep>     separator to place between units
    -t <term>    terminator to place after every unit
    -d <delims>  delimiters around each unit

Generate NUMBERED LINES:

    rpt -n        <lineOrCharCount>[c|f] [<fmtText>]

Output RANDOM LINES from a file:

    rpt -l        <lineOrCharCount>[c|f] <file>

Generate RANDOM WORDS:

    rpt -w        <count>[c|f][,[<perLineCount>[c|f]]] [<dictFile>]

Generate RANDOM BYTES:

    rpt -b        <byteCount>

Shared count specifications:

    Counts may be scaled with multipliers (e.g., `2m`):
    Decimal:
      k     m       g      
        1000  10^6    10^9
    Binary:
      ki    mi      gi
        1024  1048576 1073741824

    'x' in lieu of a number outputs endlessly.

    By default, counts specify how often to repeat the input or, for
    line-based output, the number of output lines;
    a terminal 'c' or 'f' switches to character count:
      'c'    at most as many chars. as specified, no truncation
      'f'    exactly as many chars. as specified, may truncate

## DESCRIPTION

## OPTIONS

  * `-q`, `--quiet`  
   quiet mode

## STANDARD OPTIONS

All standard options provide information only.

 * `-h, --help`  
   Prints the contents of the synopsis chapter to stdout for quick reference.

 * `--man`  
   Displays this manual page, which is a helpful alternative to using `man`,  
   if the manual page isn't installed.

 * `--version`  
   Prints version information.
  
 * `--home`  
   Opens this utility's home page in the system's default web browser.

## COMPATIBILITY

Requires Perl v??? or higher.

## LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2015 Michael Klement (mklement0@gmail.com), released under  
the [MIT license](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT).
